Improve docs (#122)
LycheeOrg/LycheeOrg.github.io: docs/docker.md

* `latest`: Latest Lychee release
* `v[NUMBER]`: Stable version tag for a Lychee release

> * `dev` or `nightly` : Current master branch tag (Lychee operates on a stable master, so this should usually be safe)
> * `devtools` : Same as `dev` but with the developper extensions enabled (e.g. api docs, debug bar...).
> * `alpha`: Same as `dev` but uses the alpha branch instead (contains merged pull request without peer review).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `nightly` (also `dev`): Current master branch tag (Lychee operates on a stable master, so this should usually be safe)
* `devtools`: Same as `nightly`, but includes development dependencies (e.g. api docs, debug bar)
* `alpha`: Current alpha branch tag (The alpha branch contains bleeding edge changes that are not peer-reviewed)
* `alpha-devtools`: Same as `alpha`, but includes development dependencies  (e.g. api docs, debug bar)
```

* `testing`: Tag for testing new branches and pull requests. Designed for internal use by LycheeOrg.

> Note that only the `:dev` tag is available for armv6 and armv7 systems. This is due to an issue with the build environment and is hopefully temporary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
